Reply: CODE violation

You are the one ruin the game. YOU. 

It will be a shameful slander to calling us BOT. WE ARE TOTALLY GIT RID FROM BOTS, NOT BY YOU AND NOT FOR YOU. Don't take yourself too seriously, you are nobody. We share a common fate, no one would be more superior, especially the people like you. You are totally madness, wish you have a good time when you are wasting your life which prove NOTHING. Don't immerse yourself to the what satisfy of your so-called mercy. You are just an idiot. 

You won't pay the fee to start a war, you can't afford it, didn't you? What do you think you really are? Of course you are still someone, the one ruin this game, the selfish one just fucking up everything, NOT ME. Don't take EULA as your shield, make you how great or how high, and we remain the right to say: 

FUCK YOU. 

M.S.Frankline the Magnuassembler
--------------------
CODE violation
From: Hillbilly-2000
Sent: 2019.04.23 12:46
To: xuemaqiang Atavuli,  

xuemaqiang Atavuli 

Your ship was recently a casualty in the War for High Sec.

  Kill: xuemaqiang Atavuli (Venture) 
Kill: xuemaqiang Atavuli (Capsule) 

Bots and bot-aspirant  players, like you, have overrun the game, ruining the economy and making Eve a terrible game. Not only is inflation skyrocketing, but faction warfare has recently been overrun, making that aspect of the game unplayable.

Thanks to the vision of James 315 we have guidelines for hunting these enemies of Eve: we have The Code. Being AFK is the tell-tale sign of a bot aspirant.

The CODE. alliance has been around for 6 years. We are one of the best PVP alliances and number 1 in hunting bots. Our killboard speaks for itself:

https://zkillboard.com/alliance/99002775/


You only have three real options:

1. Get a mining permit. Costs 10 mil isk for 1 year and you have to read and follow The Code.

2. Move to Nullsec or lowsec and continue your botting ways, just not in New Order space (High Sec).

3. Put down your mining laser and join the cause. PVP is the best part of the game, and small gang elite pvp is the best! Convo me or email me and I'll help you get started.

You can find information on our exploits at www.MinerBumping.com

Choose to be a better person.

With sincere hope for your improvement,

Hillbilly-2000
